CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# CONTRIBUTING

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails. This project is
intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the
[Contributor Covenant](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) code of conduct.

# Developing on Ruby LSP

For general information about developing, refer to the to the [documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#debugging-with-vs-code) for Ruby LSP itself.

### Manually testing a change

The repo includes a dummy Rails app in `test/dummy`. If you're developing a feature, you can add new code to it for testing.

To test with a real Rails application, you can add a Gemfile entry for `ruby-lsp-rails` and point it to your local checkout:

```ruby
gem "ruby-lsp-rails", path: "../ruby-lsp-rails"
```

Or to a branch in your fork:

```ruby
gem "ruby-lsp-rails", github: "USERNAME/ruby-lsp-rails", branch: "your_branch"
```

### Running the test suite

The test suite can be executed by running

```shell
bin/rails test
```

Commit message:

Update docs for running tests

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# CONTRIBUTING

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails. This project is
intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the
[Contributor Covenant](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp-rails/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) code of conduct.

# Developing on Ruby LSP

For general information about developing, refer to the to the [documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#debugging-with-vs-code) for Ruby LSP itself.

### Manually testing a change

The repo includes a dummy Rails app in `test/dummy`. If you're developing a feature, you can add new code to it for testing.

To test with a real Rails application, you can add a Gemfile entry for `ruby-lsp-rails` and point it to your local checkout:

```ruby
gem "ruby-lsp-rails", path: "../ruby-lsp-rails"
```

Or to a branch in your fork:

```ruby
gem "ruby-lsp-rails", github: "USERNAME/ruby-lsp-rails", branch: "your_branch"
```

### Running the test suite

To set up the database for the dummy Rails app, and run the full test suite:

```shell
bundle exec rake
```

Tests are written as `ActiveSupport::TestCase` tests, so an individual test can be run with:

```shell
bin/rails test test/my_test.rb
```
